# Challenge-2

For my portfolio, I really wanted to help encapsulate a little bit of me for people to see. Whether they're looking over my work for a job or people wanting to see my work with a little personal touch added to it. I wanted show my personal interests off and my music taste by linking spotify (I don't use a lot of social media haha), showing off a few hobbies and my accomplishments through them with pictures and stories, some photos of myself and a little bit about me and what I like to do.
I built this project so I have a professional and easy to navigate portfolio that will show off my work for possible projects in the future, possible employers or maybe someone who enjoys the work I've done and wants to get a little inspiration seeing my code. A big motivator was a coworker of mine who works in a seperate department, her and I had a nice conversation about programming and coding and linkedin and github and everything. I jokingly offered to come work with her and sort out their technical issues despite me just starting learning through UofT and she was surprisingly receptive to the idea! We started talking about linkedIn and setting up portfolios and as soon as I have everything set up and working to send it right to her and she would help me get started in the line of work I'm aiming for which was really nice to hear. It's exciting to think I could be applying everything I've learned and been learning in an actual working setting, having the teaching and the hands on work at the same time would be really beneficial on my journey to becoming a professional programmer.
I've been cooking for 8 years now, since I was in highschool, I've learned a lot and met a lot of great people but I also learned it's not an industry you can really soar in without uprooting your life for it. I've been working with computers since I was 15 and I feel they're more for me personally. I've learned a lot about my computer fiddling with it over the years but now I feel it's time to take that a step further and really learn what my computer can do and put it to use. I'm learning there are so many diverse jobs and hobbies you can have learning programming, every day I'm learning about new things and different jobs out there and I can't wait to learn everything I can and go out and do it for a living.
I'm hoping my mix of hobbies and colour schemes really grab people attention and they pass through my portfolio. My plan to use brighter, softer colours adds a bit of a personal me feel to it as while as still looking proper and professional
